Are you a successful let's implement our form and I'll start with the template here.
But of course it's up to you with which part you start.
Now I will copy parts of the new offer form but not the entire template because I'll not have entirely
the same logic so I will copy the entire form element here but then I will delete a bunch of stuff.
So let's copy that in and now let's go through that.
I want to be able to edit the title so that we'll stay here.
I want to be able to edit the description so Dad will stay here too but all the rest the price and the
dates ends on all of that will simply be deleted.
Now of course I've got a bunch of arrows here because we for one haven't enabled reactive forms here
and b we haven't set up any form and typescript.
So let's start with enabling it here in the edit offer module.
We don't need the normal forms module we need to be reactive forms module and d reactive.
For this module which we add here has to be imported from at angular forums where you can remove the
forms module import though.
And now we can start creating that form here in the edit for page typescript file.
So here we are already getting the place from the service with the I.D. we got out of the U R L that's
good.
Now here I'll just add my form which is of type form group which has to be imported from at Angola.
Forms and I want to initialized as an NGO on it and of course have what I initialized this after I got
my place from the service.
So offered this line but important inside of this function we passed.
To subscribe if you try to initialize your form here after this subscribe call then what you'll do is
you'll actually try to initialize it before the subscription is done and before it actually gave you
this value and therefore you'll try to work with a place that hasn't been set yet because this year
runs asynchronously so in order to use that data you have to added You have this form initialization
in the same asynchronous function handler here.
So in there I will create a new form group as it did before pass a javascript object and add title and
description and I will basically initialize this just as before.
So you can go over to the new offer component and there I will copy title and description D2 controls
and use them here in this form group.
The difference however is the default value and by the way we now also need to import form control and
validators of course year from at Anglo forms.
But the difference I wanted to talk about is the starting value the starting value is now not no but
since we're editing a place it should be the current value.
So here I will added this place title where I will add this as a starting value.
And here it's this place description now we're initializing the form and now we can go back to the Template
disconnection so all this markup here and directives where we connect the inputs here in the form to
our tax code should now be working.
So let's give this a try.
If you go back to this page reloaded and it correctly populated the title and the description with the
values of this place missing thing now is simply is dead.
We add a button that allows us to confirm our edits and for that I'll bring back the check mark I have
on the other page.
So in the new offer page I'll copy that I and buttons part from the toolbar and add it to the added
offer page.
And yes of course you could think about using one page for both types of place editing or of offer editing.
I split it up deliberately here to make it very clear where we're managing what.
But you can certainly think about merging them into one component so that you can reuse more of your
code and off your templates.
I'm fine with some duplication here though.
So I have my eye and buttons added to the toolbar of the added offer page.
Now on create offer doesn't sound like a fitting name though.
I'll name it on update offer.
And of course this method now needs to be added to the added offer page.
Other than that this can stay as it is here.
So let's now add on update offer and first of all here I'll check if not this form is valid.
So if it's invalid then I'll return.
And this by the way is a check.
We should also add and add new all four page.
Now did I think about it.
So let's add it here as well.
But now back to the edit offer page in there I now simply want to console log this form and that is
all for now.
Again will add logic to actually update this in the service at that even later updated on a real server
throughout this course.
Back here I have to check mark and if I press it I got my value here with the description and title
that we pre entered and if I now clear the title here and I click out of that because we're updating
on blur indeed this button gets disabled and does this now invalid there enter something valid again.
Now we can see that this was picked up here in the value.
So this is how we can added our offer or how we at least can gathered user input for that.